today's video is brought to you by
Squarespace please stick around after
the sketch for another sketch that
happens to be paid for
[Music]
hey say can do pretty good thanks no
really I mean you know I own a
restaurant downtown I'd be kind of cool
if you showed up and brought your piano
and did a little thing like a gig like a
gig cool
I charge 200 bucks a shift if that works
for you oh I was thinking that you would
do it for free you know for the exposure
I'm sorry I thought you said exposure oh
you know you show up some big-time
producer comes in sees your talent bing
bang boom you know you're famous I'm
gonna pass oh come on you don't seem
very grateful for the opportunity Wow
you know what on second thought maybe
you're right maybe exposure is good
that's what I'm saying but I'm thinking
one exposure doesn't really cut it do
you huh rents is a little steep my guy
he might want to bump it up to two
exposures per week I mean we could look
into you playing toys a week you know
what I changed my mind you changed your
mind
I now want five exposures per week I'm
not sure that would work who cares
you're not paying me anyway right well
nothing cash per se but the exposure
could lead to something exactly so give
me 15 exposures per week daddy needs his
back 15 what does that even mean I mean
there are seven days you know maybe we
could set up a tip jar something hang on
Carl tick-tock old man I got a guy on
the line offering me 30 exposures 30 I
don't we could throw in a discount Emile
Fisher gets
eating exposure it's my sustenance 45
exposures maybe we could scrape together
$100 a night it's just too late mortal
you have unleashed my artistic bloodlust
for exposure and financial instability
okay fine now about 200 bucks per night
plus tips plus yeah okay 400 per night
that's not an expense no $400 okay
that's double your rate plus free food
plus tips and drinks on the house
does your restaurants Ruth Pepsi coke
okay we'll get you some freakin Pepsi
works for me I'll have my accountant
send you an invoice yeah you have an
accountant sure do
guess what i pair with exposure money I
pay her in money because that's what you
do
hey we got sponsored by Squarespace
again how should we talk about him this
time I'm feeling pretty poetic today you
want to lay down some tits Squarespace
is like a freshing breeze in the
summer's eve an idea kingdom for your
business stuff a place to own your voice
and take your internet throne your
domain is their domain babe a none of
that rhymes fine how about a haiku
beautiful templates give me great joy
like chicken love me some chicken have
an idea go to Squarespace calm / Daniel
Thrasher for 10% off your first purchase
today no really I mean you know I own
the restaurant downtown it'd be kind of
cool if you came by and did a little bit
of that a boo boo boo boo